for once in my life I've got someone who
needs me someone happening so long who
once unafraid I can grow a lot
one second sir what my heart used to
dream of before I knew someone like you
could make
come true
let's ow heard me not like to be poor
once I have someone I know won't desert
me I'm not alone anymore I can say
yeah what have you done with this young
man Gillian oh that's res one the crank
what did you think
absolutely pan
seven new nice hands great lives very
exciting I loved it
already but can I call you matinee idol
that was a sensational smooth you had
the drive you have the ride you had to
fall where did it come from
oh well it's it was there all the time
when I look back three weeks to govern
here or four weeks ago when you did that
cha-cha-cha and then I see that yes
marvelous incredible big-league tonight
lick swaggering heartthrob you in
control you a charismatic amazing job
you call the baby do it tonight
how do you feel choked